
=head1 NAME

mozilla2ps - convert html to postscript using mozilla

=head1 SYNOPSIS

mozilla2ps [option]... URL file

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<mozilla2ps> is an xulrunner application to allow non-interactive
convertion of html to postscript using the gecko rendering engine.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over

=item B<-papername> I<size name>

Output on the specified paper size, e.g. Letter or A4 (default).

=item B<-bgcolors> I<true|false>

Print background colors

=item B<-bgimages> I<true|false>

Print background images

=item B<-margins> I<size>

Sets top, bottom, left and right margin to size (in inches, 0.5 maximum).

=item B<-marginTop> I<size>

=item B<-marginBottom> I<size>

=item B<-marginLeft> I<size>

=item B<-marginRight> I<size>

Set individual margin size (in inches, 0.5 maximum).

=item B<-landscape> I<true|false>

Output in landscape orientation

=item B<-footerCenter> I<string>

Set the center footer.  The following special string contants can be used.
Defaults to "&PT".

=over

=item &T

Title

=item &U

Document URL

=item &D

Date/Time

=item &P

Page Number

=item &PT

Page Number "of" Page Total

=back

=item B<-headerCenter> I<string>

Set the center header.  See the B<-footerCenter> option for the special string
contants that can be used.  Defaults to an empty string.

=back

=head1 BUGS

There's virtually no checking of the sanity of values parsed to B<mozilla2ps>.
If a URL prompts for a password the tool will block at the password prompt.
It's not possible to use proxy server.

=head1 AUTHOR

B<mozill2ps> was written by Michele Baldessari <michele@pupazzo.org>.  Paul 
Schilling <paul@netkeva.com>  contributed the command line parameters support.
This manual page was written by Tristan Hill <stan@saticed.me.uk>, for the
Debian project (but may be used by others).

